[category]: <> (General)
[date]: <> (2023/06/05)
[title]: <> (here are some musings)

 I have been watching the vanderpump rules finale and I am grateful for the open communication efforts and exposure, but I can't help but feel 30 thousand feet above their pettiness... and it's not about the alcohol consumption or materialism... i see so much jealousy and unspoken emotion in Ariana, and instead of loving her friends for having the capacity to love Her and eachtother, she is condemning them. That is weak. That is Americana. If all those young celebs stop projecting their low EQ monogomous practices onto eachother there would be much less shame and hate being depicted. But then who would need the xanax they are all shilling, right?

insert adderall shill from bravo cast I am an Energy Operator. Some days people prefer my reiki, sometimes my tantra. I can seperate the two now after working in a well established "vegas-style" gentelman's club. Before Polekatz I did not recognize how to take Ownership of my body as a commodity. When I was young I learned to deny the transactional nature of relationships. I learned how to be a people pleaser and that saying "no" to an elder was disrespectful. I knew I had sexual prowess but I did not learn how to hone it until I witnessed other females on the market floor of the strip club wielding theirs. This last year, from 37 t0 38, has absolutely shifted my body and my power. I am grateful to the establishment of "Gentleman's Clubs"... which is why I was devasted when, after a year of being in a contract, I was called into the manager's office. There was 2 complaints from other entertainers. The "shrines" I had left up in the locker room were scary. The computer science terms I was using were scary. I was told by managment that I could ==no longer share my art== and I needed to "hang my head and just give lap dances for the next 3 months". As a 38 year old I am being pushed out of establishment by 2 young women that are insecure. They did not come to me and say "hey, your art is scary", or "why do you use those weird words here", but instead they decided to give up their agency and go to a manager to sort out the issue for them. And this is not just women, this is alot of people. Instead of confronting the issue and learning to work through the things, they disengage. And, in this case, the consequences are young women are left without an example. So instead of witnessing a sober female with established agency to inspire them, they will likely continue to give up their agency to rely on managment (men).

Maybe my art is controversial. I am feeling like a fish out of water. I know I am somehow twisted up in a scheme of blackmail and mainstream media instilled insecurities. I express this in my art. I wonder if the threat is I am free from being endentured to a line of credit while I am still transacting amoung them. I could be seen as threatening to those in mind of scarcity. However my love for self is at NOBODY else's expense. I am open source Energy Operator and I have built my empire by reaching my tenticles and planting my seeds. Some might see my will to move and create without seeking permission as entitled... but I am fit and I intend to survive in abundance.

CONSENT! Consent is a term not often said or heard while I was growing. It was not until I started organizing my energy for transactional exchange via seekingarrangement that I understood the gravity of play that was occuring. I had already been subjecting myself to these "radical" behaviours out of pure curiousty and desire. Later, I spent 3-4 months in the butterfly villa (silicone valley) learning and reevaluating my own relationship to consent with close friends/mentors. I feel immense gratitude for that period in time as it was a strong catalyst for my sobriety and awakening. Today I w3rk to instill consent and I am open to relationships that activate consent practices and polyamoury <333